capital = 984

oob = "AUD_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	transport = 1
}


add_political_power = 250


set_politics = {

	
	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 92
		fascism = 6
		communism = 2

	}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = new_brittania_research
}

set_convoys = 80


#characters
#political leaders
recruit_character = AUD_conservatism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_liberalism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_socialism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_marxism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_leninism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_stalinism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_anti_revisionism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_anarchist_communism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_nazism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_gen_nazism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_generic_fascism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_falangism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_rexism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_despotism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_oligarchism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_anarchism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_moderatism_leader
recruit_character = AUD_centrism_leader
#military leaders
recruit_character = AUD_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = AUD_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = AUD_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = AUD_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = AUD_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = AUD_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = AUD_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = AUD_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = AUD_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = AUD_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = AUD_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = AUD_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = AUD_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = AUD_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = AUD_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = AUD_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = AUD_economist
recruit_character = AUD_editor
recruit_character = AUD_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = AUD_financial_expert
recruit_character = AUD_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = AUD_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = AUD_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = AUD_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = AUD_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = AUD_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = AUD_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = AUD_military_theorist
recruit_character = AUD_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = AUD_naval_theorist
recruit_character = AUD_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = AUD_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = AUD_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = AUD_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = AUD_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = AUD_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = AUD_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = AUD_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = AUD_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = AUD_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = AUD_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = AUD_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = AUD_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = AUD_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = AUD_army_armored_1
recruit_character = AUD_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = AUD_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = AUD_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = AUD_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = AUD_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = AUD_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = AUD_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = AUD_navy_naval_air_defense_2
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Lyle Walsh"
	desc = "POLITICS_LYLE_WALSH_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_AUD_L_Walsh.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Gordon D. Jennings"
	desc = "POLITICS_GORDON_D_JENNINGS_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_AUD_GD_Jennings.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = stalinism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Zavier B. Post"
	desc = "POLITICS_ZB_POST_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_AUD_ZB_Post.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Darren R. Tittensor"
	desc = "POLITICS_DR_TITTENSOR_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_AUD_DR_Tittensor.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Osbourne W. Bisset"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 1
}