capital = 893

oob = "AWA_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

add_political_power = 300

set_politics = {

	
	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.12.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 66
		fascism = 14
		communism = 20

	}
set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = AWA_ahonui_pinati
recruit_character = AWA_haku_mumea
recruit_character = AWA_halemano_faga
recruit_character = AWA_halialoha_mauiliu
recruit_character = AWA_inoa_mataafa
recruit_character = AWA_hailani_taleni
recruit_character = AWA_akalona_tuitama
recruit_character = AWA_kopaka_hine
recruit_character = AWA_dawid_taaronga
recruit_character = AWA_liona_kura
recruit_character = AWA_siaosi_kapule
recruit_character = AWA_ahohako_maherona
recruit_character = AWA_turoa_kahananui
recruit_character = AWA_kiwa_lani
recruit_character = AWA_keao_parakiko
recruit_character = AWA_uinirau_kaiwi
recruit_character = AWA_ruatapu_kamearoha
recruit_character = AWA_uati_kahue
recruit_character = AWA_ahuura_arana
recruit_character = AWA_kelekolio_kekoa
recruit_character = AWA_rutu_iona
recruit_character = AWA_rewi_kapure
recruit_character = AWA_liko_rongo
recruit_character = AWA_ura_hale
recruit_character = AWA_pomare_hekekia
recruit_character = AWA_kekino_keahi
recruit_character = AWA_aalona_karama


create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ahonui Pinati"
	desc = "POLITICS_AHONUI_PINATI_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_AWA_A_Pinati.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Haku Mumea"
	desc = "POLITICS_HAKU_MUMEA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_AWA_H_Mumea.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Halemano Faga"
	desc = "POLITICS_HALEMANO_FAGA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_AWA_H_Faga.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Hali'aloha Mauiliu"
	desc = "POLITICS_HALIALOHA_MAUILIU_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_AWA_H_Mauiliu.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Inoa Mata'afa"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}