capital = 914


oob = "BRG_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	transport = 1
}

add_political_power = 200

set_politics = {

	
	
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.7.17"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 0
		fascism = 0
		communism = 0
		neutrality = 100
		
	}
	
recruit_character = BRG_joao_pedro_almeida
recruit_character = BRG_diogo_c_sousa
recruit_character = BRG_benicio_r_goncalves
recruit_character = BRG_luiz_guilherme_teixeira
recruit_character = BRG_renan_r_rocha
recruit_character = BRG_lucas_williams
recruit_character = BRG_jim_walker
recruit_character = BRG_jim_taylor

#military leaders
recruit_character = BRG_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = BRG_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = BRG_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = BRG_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = BRG_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = BRG_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = BRG_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = BRG_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = BRG_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = BRG_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = BRG_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = BRG_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = BRG_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = BRG_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = BRG_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = BRG_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = BRG_economist
recruit_character = BRG_editor
recruit_character = BRG_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = BRG_financial_expert
recruit_character = BRG_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = BRG_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = BRG_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = BRG_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = BRG_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = BRG_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = BRG_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = BRG_military_theorist
recruit_character = BRG_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = BRG_naval_theorist
recruit_character = BRG_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = BRG_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = BRG_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = BRG_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = BRG_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = BRG_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = BRG_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = BRG_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = BRG_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = BRG_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = BRG_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = BRG_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = BRG_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = BRG_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = BRG_army_armored_1
recruit_character = BRG_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = BRG_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = BRG_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = BRG_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = BRG_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = BRG_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = BRG_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = BRG_navy_naval_air_defense_2

create_country_leader = {
	name = "João Pedro Almeida"
	desc = "POLITICS_JP_ALMEIDA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_PRK_JP_Almeida.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = despotism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "DIOGO C. SOUSA"
	desc = "POLITICS_DIOGO_SOUSA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_PRK_DC_Sousa.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Benício R. Gonçalves"
	desc = "POLITICS_B_GONCALVES_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_PRK_BR_Goncalves.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Luiz Guilherme Teixeira"
	desc = "POLITICS_LG_TEIXEIRA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_PRK_LG_Teixeira.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


set_convoys = 45


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Renan R. Rocha"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/South America/Portrait_South_America_Generic_land_1.dds"
	traits = { ranger  }
	skill = 3
}