capital = 860

oob = "GEQ_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

add_political_power = 50
set_stability = 0.72


set_politics = {

	
	
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 15
		fascism = 70
		neutrality = 15
		
	}

add_ideas = {
	GEQ_scientific_backlog
	GEQ_murorian_supremacy
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = GEQ_qorprujj_drmrilu
recruit_character = GEQ_horujj_uaqril
recruit_character = GEQ_jjimi_henjriqs
recruit_character = GEQ_bob_is_back
recruit_character = GEQ_qaj_tsimirqi
recruit_character = GEQ_naqfu_sohollo
recruit_character = GEQ_najjan_ellismuri
recruit_character = GEQ_tlamostlo_tsipir
recruit_character = GEQ_dayum_itlit

#military leaders
recruit_character = GEQ_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = GEQ_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = GEQ_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = GEQ_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = GEQ_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = GEQ_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = GEQ_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = GEQ_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = GEQ_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = GEQ_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = GEQ_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = GEQ_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = GEQ_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = GEQ_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = GEQ_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = GEQ_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = GEQ_economist
recruit_character = GEQ_editor
recruit_character = GEQ_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = GEQ_financial_expert
recruit_character = GEQ_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = GEQ_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = GEQ_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = GEQ_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = GEQ_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = GEQ_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = GEQ_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = GEQ_military_theorist
recruit_character = GEQ_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = GEQ_naval_theorist
recruit_character = GEQ_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = GEQ_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = GEQ_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = GEQ_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = GEQ_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = GEQ_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = GEQ_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = GEQ_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = GEQ_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = GEQ_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = GEQ_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = GEQ_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = GEQ_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = GEQ_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = GEQ_army_armored_1
recruit_character = GEQ_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = GEQ_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = GEQ_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = GEQ_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = GEQ_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = GEQ_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = GEQ_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = GEQ_navy_naval_air_defense_2
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Qorprujj Drmrilu"
	desc = "POLITICS_QORPRUJJ_DRMRILU_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_GEQ_Q_Drmrilu.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Horujj Uaqril"
	desc = "POLITICS_HORUJJ_UAQRIL_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_GEQ_H_Uaqril.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Jjimi Henjriqs"
	desc = "POLITICS_JJIMI_HENJRIQS_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_GEQ_J_Henjriqs.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Bob is back, now in Geq"
	desc = "POLITICS_ZANNAZ_TERZHA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_ATL_Zannaz_Terzha.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = oligarchism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Qaj Tsimirqi"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}