capital = 907

oob = "GOP_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

add_political_power = 300

set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 52
		fascism = 20
		communism = 28

	}
set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = GOP_prisqirjj_sioqrus
recruit_character = GOP_bob
recruit_character = GOP_uorq_fasmiqr
recruit_character = GOP_muuris_sauqori
recruit_character = GOP_nurq_smar
recruit_character = GOP_letut_tsitlalli
recruit_character = GOP_nuresaq_itlit
recruit_character = GOP_evrun_gahrijjeom
recruit_character = GOP_murjiq_orqijun
recruit_character = GOP_leimun_lumul
recruit_character = GOP_dzam_jumrir
recruit_character = GOP_tanjiq_muhadow
recruit_character = GOP_gurdurum_nalimtsi
recruit_character = GOP_sayado_puulran
recruit_character = GOP_ezizi_gyulqun
recruit_character = GOP_midja_mahriq
recruit_character = GOP_fuusniq_aroqsats
recruit_character = GOP_chameru_dahijjiq
recruit_character = GOP_ridjart_nahunmund
recruit_character = GOP_maigul_guruz
recruit_character = GOP_dzaris_tseminui
recruit_character = GOP_bargiz_defumun
recruit_character = GOP_ergun_landiq
recruit_character = GOP_guhalaq_jimurru
recruit_character = GOP_bijjo_pundrapez
recruit_character = GOP_laqanziz_djuntsa
recruit_character = GOP_gadriz_dzulei
recruit_character = GOP_hobrair_qotarj
recruit_character = GOP_duqum_nietalli
recruit_character = GOP_dzin_tamisin
recruit_character = GOP_dzamiz_suzareq
recruit_character = GOP_orutli_usamirez
recruit_character = GOP_qunlunuq_irimudzu
recruit_character = GOP_mairat_hyrden
recruit_character = GOP_lobur_dashim
recruit_character = GOP_dzozef_magadi
recruit_character = GOP_pena_qimram
recruit_character = GOP_tonalu_zimsem
recruit_character = GOP_hualpor_dusur
recruit_character = GOP_arpren_tsisram
recruit_character = GOP_gulaq_trasmidj
recruit_character = GOP_enli_usasor
recruit_character = GOP_harul_ijjris
recruit_character = GOP_dzor_gindi
recruit_character = GOP_dulutli_amerziad
recruit_character = GOP_marejja_dzor
recruit_character = GOP_hisqitla_manilli
recruit_character = GOP_gordnau_hajjise
recruit_character = GOP_ahyumui_nendamru
recruit_character = GOP_surumuj_anuasid
recruit_character = GOP_djrov_tsuus
recruit_character = GOP_badtsiz_maldriave

#military leaders
recruit_character = GOP_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = GOP_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = GOP_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = GOP_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = GOP_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = GOP_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = GOP_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = GOP_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = GOP_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = GOP_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = GOP_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = GOP_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = GOP_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = GOP_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = GOP_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = GOP_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = GOP_economist
recruit_character = GOP_editor
recruit_character = GOP_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = GOP_financial_expert
recruit_character = GOP_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = GOP_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = GOP_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = GOP_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = GOP_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = GOP_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = GOP_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = GOP_military_theorist
recruit_character = GOP_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = GOP_naval_theorist
recruit_character = GOP_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = GOP_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = GOP_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = GOP_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = GOP_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = GOP_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = GOP_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = GOP_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = GOP_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = GOP_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = GOP_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = GOP_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = GOP_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = GOP_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = GOP_army_armored_1
recruit_character = GOP_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = GOP_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = GOP_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = GOP_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = GOP_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = GOP_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = GOP_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = GOP_navy_naval_air_defense_2
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Prisqirjj Sioqrus"
	desc = "POLITICS_P_SIOQRUS_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_GOP_P_Sioqrus.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Bob, but he's from Goprug"
	desc = "POLITICS_P_SIOQRUS_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_GOP_P_Sioqrus.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Uorq Fasmiqr"
	desc = "POLITICS_UORQ_FASMIQR_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_GOP_U_Fasmiqr.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Muuris Sauqori"
	desc = "POLITICS_M_SAUQORI_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_GOP_M_Sauqori.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = stalinism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Nurq Smar"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}