capital = 847

oob = "IKA_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

add_political_power = 200

set_politics = {

	
	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.12.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

recruit_character = IKA_lolani_taleni
recruit_character = IKA_akalona_lamego
recruit_character = IKA_ihipa_simi
recruit_character = IKA_ewe_liuka
recruit_character = IKA_aperhama_tanumafili
recruit_character = IKA_mako_sau_la
recruit_character = IKA_haoena_takaloa
recruit_character = IKA_tobi_oriata
recruit_character = IKA_uinirau_kaiwi
recruit_character = IKA_ruatapu_kamearoha
recruit_character = IKA_kiwa_lani
recruit_character = IKA_liko_rongo
recruit_character = IKA_ahuura_arana
recruit_character = IKA_siaosi_kapule
recruit_character = IKA_kekino_keahi
recruit_character = IKA_rewi_kapure
recruit_character = IKA_ura_hale
recruit_character = IKA_uati_kahue
recruit_character = IKA_liona_kura
recruit_character = IKA_pomare_hekekia
recruit_character = IKA_ahohako_maherona
recruit_character = IKA_rutu_iona
recruit_character = IKA_aalona_karama
recruit_character = IKA_keao_parakiko
recruit_character = IKA_dawid_taaronga
recruit_character = IKA_kelekolio_kekoa
recruit_character = IKA_turoa_kahananui
recruit_character = IKA_kopaka_hine

#military leaders
recruit_character = IKA_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = IKA_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = IKA_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = IKA_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = IKA_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = IKA_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = IKA_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = IKA_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = IKA_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = IKA_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = IKA_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = IKA_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = IKA_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = IKA_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = IKA_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = IKA_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = IKA_economist
recruit_character = IKA_editor
recruit_character = IKA_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = IKA_financial_expert
recruit_character = IKA_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = IKA_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = IKA_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = IKA_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = IKA_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = IKA_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = IKA_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = IKA_military_theorist
recruit_character = IKA_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = IKA_naval_theorist
recruit_character = IKA_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = IKA_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = IKA_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = IKA_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = IKA_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = IKA_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = IKA_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = IKA_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = IKA_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = IKA_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = IKA_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = IKA_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = IKA_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = IKA_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = IKA_army_armored_1
recruit_character = IKA_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = IKA_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = IKA_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = IKA_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = IKA_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = IKA_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = IKA_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = IKA_navy_naval_air_defense_2
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 50
		fascism = 14
		communism = 36

	}
set_convoys = 40

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Lolani Taleni"
	desc = "POLITICS_LOLANI_TALENI_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_IKA_L_Taleni.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Akalona Lamego"
	desc = "POLITICS_AKALONA_LAMEGO_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_IKA_A_Lamego.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ihipa Simi"
	desc = "POLITICS_IHIPA_SIMI_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_IKA_I_Simi.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ewe Liuka"
	desc = "POLITICS_EWE_LIUKA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_IKA_E_Liuka.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Aperhama Tanumafili"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}