capital = 1043

oob = "KBS_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

add_political_power = 50
set_stability = 0.72


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 57
		fascism = 18
		neutrality = 16
		communism = 9
		
	}

add_ideas = {
	#
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = KBS_abmahalav_khumalo
recruit_character = KBS_petela_wetmeri
recruit_character = KBS_upweonu_bembigre
recruit_character = KBS_leitu_nuwesde
recruit_character = KBS_pambre_elusiti
recruit_character = KBS_pakaristre_shamshkio
recruit_character = KBS_logistics_2
recruit_character = KBS_regrouping_2
recruit_character = KBS_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = KBS_ground_support_2
recruit_character = KBS_maneuver_2
recruit_character = KBS_offensive_2
recruit_character = KBS_defensive_2
recruit_character = KBS_naval_theorist
recruit_character = KBS_mil_theorist
recruit_character = KBS_air_theorist
recruit_character = KBS_commerce_raiding_2
recruit_character = KBS_backstabber
recruit_character = KBS_night_ops_2
recruit_character = KBS_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = KBS_quartermaster_gen
recruit_character = KBS_capital_ship_2

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Abmahalav Khumalo"
	desc = "POLITICS_A_KHUMALO_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_KBS_A_Khumalo.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Petela Wetmeri"
	desc = "POLITICS_PETELA_WETMERI_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_KBS_P_Wetmeri.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Upweonu Bembigre"
	desc = "POLITICS_UPWEONU_BEMBIGRE_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_KBS_U_Bembigre.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Leitu Nuwesde"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}
