capital = 981

oob = "KLK_1936"

set_stability = 0.1
set_war_support = 0.12

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	gwtank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	KLK_bunch_of_ugly_commies
}

set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 15
		fascism = 15
		communism = 15
		neutrality = 55
		}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = KLK_mansurdu_bigreshta
recruit_character = KLK_latsgrivva_vandri
recruit_character = KLK_h_gurpashtrevi
recruit_character = KLK_atagiban_buddrabi
recruit_character = KLK_erbeti_vinkradri
recruit_character = KLK_dvazrat_ezkazina
recruit_character = KLK_chezbirti_katsinal

#military leaders
recruit_character = KLK_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = KLK_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = KLK_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = KLK_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = KLK_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = KLK_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = KLK_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = KLK_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = KLK_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = KLK_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = KLK_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = KLK_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = KLK_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = KLK_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = KLK_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = KLK_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = KLK_economist
recruit_character = KLK_editor
recruit_character = KLK_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = KLK_financial_expert
recruit_character = KLK_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = KLK_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = KLK_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = KLK_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = KLK_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = KLK_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = KLK_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = KLK_military_theorist
recruit_character = KLK_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = KLK_naval_theorist
recruit_character = KLK_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = KLK_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = KLK_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = KLK_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = KLK_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = KLK_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = KLK_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = KLK_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = KLK_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = KLK_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = KLK_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = KLK_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = KLK_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = KLK_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = KLK_army_armored_1
recruit_character = KLK_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = KLK_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = KLK_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = KLK_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = KLK_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = KLK_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = KLK_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = KLK_navy_naval_air_defense_2
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Mansurdu Bigreshta"
	desc = "POLITICS_MANSURDU_BIGRESHTA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_KLK_M_Bigreshta.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Latsgrivva Vandri"
	desc = "POLITICS_LATSGRIVVA_VANDRI_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_KLK_L_Vandri.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Pentumur Il"
	desc = "POLITICS_PENTUMUR_IL_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_KLK_P_Il.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = mainline_mandalism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Asanvarinnu"
	desc = "POLITICS_ANHARAVSHA_TRIMIVURDA_DESC"
	picture = "portrait_asanvarinnu.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = anarcho_mandalism
	traits = {
		indomitable_perseverance
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "H. Gurpashtrevi"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}