capital = 973

oob = "LKR_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 92
	fascism = 6
	communism = 2
}
	
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = new_brittania_research
}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = LKR_andrew_malandar
recruit_character = LKR_abel_von_gunden
recruit_character = LKR_stephen_t_harbinger
recruit_character = LKR_ichabod_petron
recruit_character = LKR_landon_keys
recruit_character = LKR_ahintu_ragland
recruit_character = LKR_torminel_lyons


#military leaders
recruit_character = LKR_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = LKR_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = LKR_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = LKR_corps_commander_4
#advisors
recruit_character = LKR_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = LKR_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = LKR_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = LKR_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = LKR_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = LKR_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = LKR_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = LKR_military_theorist
recruit_character = LKR_air_warfare_theorist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = LKR_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = LKR_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = LKR_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = LKR_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = LKR_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = LKR_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = LKR_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = LKR_air_close_air_support_2
