capital = 982

oob = "LSN_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

add_political_power = 200

set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 0
		fascism = 24
		communism = 27
			#banned = no #default is no
		neutrality = 49
		}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = LSN_onpadama_geshanta
recruit_character = LSN_judenna_wikravva
recruit_character = LSN_c_b_antarnidra
recruit_character = LSN_parandish_teminasokoth
recruit_character = LSN_l_lugunnandra
recruit_character = LSN_ertushat_nekindra
recruit_character = LSN_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = LSN_maneuver_2
recruit_character = LSN_capital_ship_2
recruit_character = LSN_naval_theorist
recruit_character = LSN_quartermaster_gen
recruit_character = LSN_logistics_2
recruit_character = LSN_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = LSN_mil_theorist
recruit_character = LSN_ground_support_2
recruit_character = LSN_air_theorist
recruit_character = LSN_defensive_2
recruit_character = LSN_commerce_raiding_2
recruit_character = LSN_regrouping_2
recruit_character = LSN_night_ops_2
recruit_character = LSN_offensive_2
recruit_character = LSN_backstabber

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Onpadama Geshanta"
	desc = "POLITICS_O_GESHANTA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_LSN_O_Geshanta.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Judenna Wikravva"
	desc = "POLITICS_J_WIKRAVVA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_LSN_J_Wikravva.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "C. B. Antarnidra"
	desc = "POLITICS_C_B_ANTARNIDRA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_LSN_C_B_Antarnidra.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Parandish Teminasokoth"
	desc = "POLITICS_P_TEMINASOKOTH_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_LSN_P_Teminasokoth.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		indomitable_perseverance
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "L. Lugunnandra"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}