capital = 995

oob = "MCT_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

add_political_power = 50
set_stability = 0.72


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 13
		fascism = 67
		neutrality = 15
		communism = 5
		
	}

add_ideas = {
	#
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = MCT_morigare_wensada
recruit_character = MCT_general_laazalikamal
recruit_character = MCT_ongbede_denguprii
recruit_character = MCT_laazalikamal
recruit_character = MCT_gawban_nuwasmale
recruit_character = MCT_nilu_erbandon
recruit_character = MCT_bandramutri_evanuusu
recruit_character = MCT_binandtre_hilardashil
recruit_character = MCT_dabentre_miparu
recruit_character = MCT_night_ops_2
recruit_character = MCT_ground_support_2
recruit_character = MCT_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = MCT_commerce_raiding_2
recruit_character = MCT_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = MCT_offensive_2
recruit_character = MCT_logistics_2
recruit_character = MCT_regrouping_2
recruit_character = MCT_mil_theorist
recruit_character = MCT_quartermaster_gen
recruit_character = MCT_maneuver_2
recruit_character = MCT_backstabber
recruit_character = MCT_naval_theorist
recruit_character = MCT_air_theorist
recruit_character = MCT_capital_ship_2
recruit_character = MCT_defensive_2

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Morigare Wensada"
	desc = "POLITICS_MORIGARE_WENSADA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MCT_M_Wensada.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "General Laazalikamal"
	desc = "POLITICS_GEN_LAAZALIKAMAL_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MCT_Gen_L.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		nationalist_symbol
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ongbede Denguprii"
	desc = "POLITICS_ONGBEDE_DENGUPRII_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MCT_O_Denguprii.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_field_marshal = {
	name = "Laazalikamal"
	picture = "Portrait_MCT_Gen_L.dds"
	traits = { defensive_doctrine urban_assault_specialist old_guard }
	skill = 3
	attack_skill = 3
	defense_skill = 2
	planning_skill = 2
	logistics_skill = 1
	id = 106
}

create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Gawban Nuwasmale"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}
