capital = 1094

oob = "MHN_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}


add_political_power = 200
set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.12.24"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 50
		fascism = 10
		communism = 40

	}
	
set_convoys = 100

recruit_character = MHN_purotu_mana
recruit_character = MHN_ponui_rairii
recruit_character = MHN_hoatapu_fareani
recruit_character = MHN_moehau_ettini
recruit_character = MHN_reia_tearri
recruit_character = MHN_halialoha_malielegaoi
recruit_character = MHN_mako_sau_la
recruit_character = MHN_heiva_mataafa
recruit_character = MHN_kopaka_hine
recruit_character = MHN_dawid_taaronga
recruit_character = MHN_siaosi_kapule
recruit_character = MHN_uinirau_kaiwi
recruit_character = MHN_kekino_keahi
recruit_character = MHN_ura_hale
recruit_character = MHN_liona_kura
recruit_character = MHN_liko_rongo
recruit_character = MHN_keao_parakiko
recruit_character = MHN_ahohako_maherona
recruit_character = MHN_rutu_iona
recruit_character = MHN_kiwa_lani
recruit_character = MHN_rewi_kapure
recruit_character = MHN_kelekolio_kekoa
recruit_character = MHN_ahuura_arana
recruit_character = MHN_ruatapu_kamearoha
recruit_character = MHN_aalona_karama
recruit_character = MHN_pomare_hekekia
recruit_character = MHN_turoa_kahananui
recruit_character = MHN_uati_kahue

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Purotu Mana"
	desc = "POLITICS_PUROTU_MANA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MHN_Purotu_Mana.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ponui Ra'irii"
	desc = "POLITICS_PONUI_RAIRII_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MHN_Ponui_Rairii.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Hoatapu Fareani"
	desc = "POLITICS_HOATAPU_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MHN_Hoatapu_Fareani.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = stalinism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Moehau Ettini"
	desc = "POLITICS_MOEHAU_ETTINI_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MHN_Moehau_Ettini.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Reia Tearri"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}