capital = 971

oob = "MKU_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

add_political_power = 200

set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 52
		fascism = 16
		communism = 2
			#banned = no #default is no
		neutrality = 30
		}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = MKU_tangrivvi_mandrigonal
recruit_character = MKU_uppandrasha_tabrisilli
recruit_character = MKU_y_randargarsha
recruit_character = MKU_amin_tovrishala
recruit_character = MKU_intornera_pameshra
recruit_character = MKU_atahiman_pantashan
recruit_character = MKU_jashasthra_buthrami
recruit_character = MKU_ashmeq_nelverimma
recruit_character = MKU_amran_treshtrin
recruit_character = MKU_bergamun_neprintri
recruit_character = MKU_omordura_dimtristra
recruit_character = MKU_kohran_rantri
recruit_character = MKU_jutri_hapnidra
recruit_character = MKU_ahintu_shandrindri
recruit_character = MKU_vekrinta_selamta
recruit_character = MKU_olutripan_ramnagran
recruit_character = MKU_pontrimatri_lensashre
recruit_character = MKU_dvashrat_pameshra
recruit_character = MKU_liqorin_ertusul
recruit_character = MKU_iloporga_wisannatra
recruit_character = MKU_humenin_destriga
recruit_character = MKU_shintrantra_elintu
recruit_character = MKU_numeshre_civvandra
recruit_character = MKU_semshu_minvrindri
recruit_character = MKU_sindrin_cortanrda
recruit_character = MKU_ertushat_perginvannu
recruit_character = MKU_limtri_eshgashina
recruit_character = MKU_huneshar_mintetri
recruit_character = MKU_wessampiri_cutraska
recruit_character = MKU_avnati_dringatri
recruit_character = MKU_ermeti_urtunrima
recruit_character = MKU_mekil_beppantra
recruit_character = MKU_lanshatri_narbaha
recruit_character = MKU_opprusnal_dertisgartha
recruit_character = MKU_ilmoragri_vingradri
recruit_character = MKU_gedriza_pantashan
recruit_character = MKU_torminel_tinshamra
recruit_character = MKU_tunriska_untrimir
recruit_character = MKU_hashtrat_uvruvatri
recruit_character = MKU_itrashantri_rinporna
recruit_character = MKU_wannantri_seksharkarthe
recruit_character = MKU_intornera_ongre
recruit_character = MKU_naradrisha_gamutrandra
recruit_character = MKU_predigar_tatamize
recruit_character = MKU_atahiman_nayanendra
recruit_character = MKU_nebbriste_merimora
recruit_character = MKU_orburunghitha_amtrishtha
recruit_character = MKU_trimandra_entupara
recruit_character = MKU_tumus_umtrishu
recruit_character = MKU_cheshmirtri_meshmratme

#military leaders
recruit_character = MKU_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = MKU_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = MKU_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = MKU_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = MKU_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = MKU_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = MKU_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = MKU_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = MKU_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = MKU_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = MKU_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = MKU_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = MKU_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = MKU_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = MKU_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = MKU_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = MKU_economist
recruit_character = MKU_editor
recruit_character = MKU_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = MKU_financial_expert
recruit_character = MKU_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = MKU_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = MKU_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = MKU_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = MKU_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = MKU_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = MKU_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = MKU_military_theorist
recruit_character = MKU_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = MKU_naval_theorist
recruit_character = MKU_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = MKU_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = MKU_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = MKU_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = MKU_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = MKU_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = MKU_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = MKU_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = MKU_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = MKU_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = MKU_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = MKU_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = MKU_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = MKU_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = MKU_army_armored_1
recruit_character = MKU_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = MKU_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = MKU_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = MKU_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = MKU_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = MKU_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = MKU_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = MKU_navy_naval_air_defense_2
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Tangrivvi Mandrigonal"
	desc = "POLITICS_T_MANDRIGONAL_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MKU_T_MANDRIGONAL.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Uppandrasha Tabrisilli"
	desc = "POLITICS_U_TABRISILLI_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MKU_U_Tabrisilli.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Perdrim Natrisumna"
	desc = "POLITICS_P_NATRISUMNA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MKU_P_Natrisumna.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socio_mandalism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Y. Randargarsha"
	desc = "POLITICS_Y_RANDARGARSHA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MKU_Y_Randargarsha.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		indomitable_perseverance
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Amin Tovrishala"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}