capital = 841

oob = "MNQ_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

add_political_power = 200

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.4.14"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 20
		fascism = 11
		communism = 27
		neutrality = 42
	}
set_convoys = 150
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1

recruit_character = MNQ_analisa_escudero_de_huertero
recruit_character = MNQ_iago_maria_borrodo
recruit_character = MNQ_madroi_umiare
recruit_character = MNQ_amadeus_albazal
recruit_character = MNQ_pablo_pablito_de_urqiza
recruit_character = MNQ_adolphe_ortega
recruit_character = MNQ_rafael_valdes
recruit_character = MNQ_german_busch_beccera
recruit_character = MNQ_alberto_ostria_gutierrez
recruit_character = MNQ_gualberto_villarroel_lopez
recruit_character = MNQ_julian_montellano_carrasco
recruit_character = MNQ_hector_bilbao_roja
recruit_character = MNQ_carlos_altamirano
recruit_character = MNQ_eusebio_ayala
recruit_character = MNQ_gil_ibarra_juarez
recruit_character = MNQ_enrique_finot
recruit_character = MNQ_tomas_monje_gutierrez
recruit_character = MNQ_jose_santos_quinteros
recruit_character = MNQ_enrique_baldivieso_aparicio
recruit_character = MNQ_jose_maria_gutierrez
recruit_character = MNQ_david_toro_ruilova
recruit_character = MNQ_fabian_vaca_chavez
recruit_character = MNQ_roberto_hinojosa

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Analisa Escudero de Huertero"
	desc = "POLITICS_AE_HUERTERO_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MNQ_AE_Huertero.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Iago María Borrodo"
	desc = "POLITICS_IM_BORRODO_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MNQ_IM_Borrodo.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = stalinism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Madroí Umiaré"
	desc = "POLITICS_M_UMIARE_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MNQ_M_Umiare.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Amadeus Albazal"
	desc = "POLITICS_AMADEUS_ALBAZAL_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_MNQ_A_Albazal.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_field_marshal = {
	name = "Pablo 'Pablito' de Urqiza"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { defensive_doctrine }
	skill = 3
}
