capital = 868

oob = "NLI_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	transport = 1
}


add_political_power = 250


set_politics = {

	
	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 92
		fascism = 6
		communism = 2

	}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = new_brittania_research
}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = NLI_peter_f_brewer
recruit_character = NLI_david_northumbrian
recruit_character = NLI_charles_de_plantagenet
recruit_character = NLI_paul_william_houndstooth
recruit_character = NLI_george_livingston_iii
recruit_character = NLI_russell_lyons
recruit_character = NLI_cyril_moresby
recruit_character = NLI_jack_beasley
recruit_character = NLI_charles_burnett
recruit_character = NLI_herbert_v_evatt
recruit_character = NLI_arthur_calwell
recruit_character = NLI_robert_g_menzies
recruit_character = NLI_john_lavarack
recruit_character = NLI_frank_forde
recruit_character = NLI_generic_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = NLI_arthur_drakeford
recruit_character = NLI_vernon_sturdee
recruit_character = NLI_james_fairbairn
recruit_character = NLI_sydney_rowell
recruit_character = NLI_clive_caldwell
recruit_character = NLI_ragnar_colvin
recruit_character = NLI_ben_chifley
recruit_character = NLI_richard_williams
recruit_character = NLI_edmund_herring
recruit_character = NLI_arthur_allen
recruit_character = NLI_cederic_hicks
recruit_character = NLI_john_collins
recruit_character = NLI_jack_crace
recruit_character = NLI_alexander_hore_ruthven
recruit_character = NLI_lance_sharkey
recruit_character = NLI_norman_makin

#military leaders
recruit_character = NLI_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = NLI_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = NLI_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = NLI_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = NLI_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = NLI_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = NLI_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = NLI_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = NLI_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = NLI_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = NLI_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = NLI_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = NLI_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = NLI_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = NLI_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = NLI_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = NLI_economist
recruit_character = NLI_editor
recruit_character = NLI_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = NLI_financial_expert
recruit_character = NLI_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = NLI_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = NLI_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = NLI_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = NLI_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = NLI_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = NLI_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = NLI_military_theorist
recruit_character = NLI_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = NLI_naval_theorist
recruit_character = NLI_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = NLI_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = NLI_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = NLI_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = NLI_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = NLI_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = NLI_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = NLI_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = NLI_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = NLI_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = NLI_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = NLI_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = NLI_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = NLI_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = NLI_army_armored_1
recruit_character = NLI_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = NLI_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = NLI_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = NLI_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = NLI_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = NLI_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = NLI_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = NLI_navy_naval_air_defense_2
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Peter F. Brewer"
	desc = "POLITICS_PETER_F_BREWER_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_NLI_PF_Brewer.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "David Northumbrian"
	desc = "POLITICS_DAVID_NORTHUMBRIAN_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_NLI_D_Northumbrian.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = stalinism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Charles de Plantagenet"
	desc = "POLITICS_CHARLES_PLANTAGENET_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_NLI_C_Plantagenet.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Paul William Houndstooth"
	desc = "POLITICS_PW_HOUNDSTOOTH_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_NLI_PW_Houndstooth.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "George Livingston III"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}