capital = 937

oob = "NYB_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

add_political_power = 200
set_politics = {

	
	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 48
		fascism = 20
		communism = 12
		neutrality = 20
	
	}
set_convoys = 60

recruit_character = NYB_aksel_jepsen
recruit_character = NYB_julius_frandsen
recruit_character = NYB_anders_thomsen
recruit_character = NYB_wilhelm_mikkelsen
recruit_character = NYB_peter_poulsen
recruit_character = NYB_poul_wedelheinen
recruit_character = NYB_poul_sommer
recruit_character = NYB_viggo_kampman
recruit_character = NYB_knud_kristensen
recruit_character = NYB_paul_sommer
recruit_character = NYB_carl_hammerich
recruit_character = NYB_kaj_birksted
recruit_character = NYB_wilhelm_prior
recruit_character = NYB_ebbe_gortz
recruit_character = NYB_aage_vedel
recruit_character = NYB_william_wain_prior
recruit_character = NYB_ejnar_warum
recruit_character = NYB_hjalmar_rechnitzer
recruit_character = NYB_hans_lunding
recruit_character = NYB_hans_a_rolsted
recruit_character = NYB_christian_frederik_von_schalburg

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Aksel Jepsen"
	desc = "POLITICS_AKSEL_JEPSEN_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_NYB_A_Jepsen.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Julius Frandsen"
	desc = "POLITICS_JULIUS_FRANDSEN_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_NYB_J_Frandsen.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Anders Thomsen"
	desc = "POLITICS_ANDERS_THOMSEN_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_NYB_A_Thomsen.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Wilhelm Mikkelsen"
	desc = "POLITICS_WILHELM_MIKKELSEN_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_NYB_W_Mikkelsen.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Peter Poulsen"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}