capital = 1056

oob = "SDU_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

add_political_power = 200

set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 10
		fascism = 25
		communism = 15
			#banned = no #default is no
		neutrality = 50
		}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = SDU_P_Methibradas
recruit_character = SDU_J_Q_Naritya
recruit_character = SDU_H_Bhordrel
recruit_character = SDU_L_Umsarvetya

recruit_character = SDU_army_entrenchment
recruit_character = SDU_air_chief_reform
recruit_character = SDU_navy_chief_decisive_battle
recruit_character = SDU_army_regrouping
recruit_character = SDU_navy_chief_naval_aviation
recruit_character = SDU_air_chief_ground_support
recruit_character = SDU_air_bomber_interception
recruit_character = SDU_army_infantry
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_defensive
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_offensive
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_maneuver
recruit_character = SDU_army_commando
recruit_character = SDU_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = SDU_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = SDU_quartermaster_general
recruit_character = SDU_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = SDU_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = SDU_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = SDU_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = SDU_war_industrialist
recruit_character = SDU_backroom_backstabber
#military leaders
recruit_character = SDU_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = SDU_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = SDU_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = SDU_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = SDU_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = SDU_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = SDU_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = SDU_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = SDU_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = SDU_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = SDU_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = SDU_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = SDU_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = SDU_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = SDU_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = SDU_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = SDU_economist
recruit_character = SDU_editor
recruit_character = SDU_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = SDU_financial_expert
recruit_character = SDU_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = SDU_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = SDU_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = SDU_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = SDU_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = SDU_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = SDU_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = SDU_military_theorist
recruit_character = SDU_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = SDU_naval_theorist
recruit_character = SDU_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = SDU_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = SDU_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = SDU_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = SDU_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = SDU_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = SDU_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = SDU_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = SDU_army_armored_1
recruit_character = SDU_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = SDU_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = SDU_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = SDU_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = SDU_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = SDU_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = SDU_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = SDU_navy_naval_air_defense_2