capital = 1087

oob = "UTU_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

add_political_power = 200

set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 10
		fascism = 18
		communism = 12
			#banned = no #default is no
		neutrality = 60
		}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = UTU_P_H_B_Gashmratavi
recruit_character = UTU_E_Samprivana
recruit_character = UTU_O_Newansvraba
recruit_character = UTU_J_Nalvahal
recruit_character = UTU_naibhotre_begvresha
recruit_character = UTU_mani_ganguly
recruit_character = UTU_dabran_chandragahal
recruit_character = UTU_ravi_lakhanpashat
recruit_character = UTU_minaki_meiya
recruit_character = UTU_surya_bhinampa
recruit_character = UTU_ajarhruna_devingahal
recruit_character = UTU_shivva_kamhashahal
recruit_character = UTU_vijayanu_igenshamparath
recruit_character = UTU_sahanil_amanprahal
recruit_character = UTU_rama_answatha
recruit_character = UTU_karthikar_sengathamptra
recruit_character = UTU_nuermak_sokamanji
recruit_character = UTU_farsij_nalamethahal
recruit_character = UTU_laksheth_vattachay
recruit_character = UTU_devak_sathindrigahal
recruit_character = UTU_rejath_khumpa
recruit_character = UTU_nethinga_gayennam
recruit_character = UTU_kijiran_vrishejath
recruit_character = UTU_venalam_uparthang
recruit_character = UTU_jaisal_singprana
recruit_character = UTU_kathal_pillasavva
recruit_character = UTU_rishi_sharma
recruit_character = UTU_lekesh_patelmahal
recruit_character = UTU_diyavva_sanesh
recruit_character = UTU_navanagaya_pisathandra
recruit_character = UTU_vihs_mashangmahal
recruit_character = UTU_praveesh_kamhathevvan
recruit_character = UTU_shakwan_banshigath
recruit_character = UTU_vitamvash_sabwagthal
recruit_character = UTU_sauraba_mashathavvat
recruit_character = UTU_yangkath_ramamahal
recruit_character = UTU_hiten_bhame
recruit_character = UTU_jaan_varshamgahal
recruit_character = UTU_pranpat_rebimathavva
recruit_character = UTU_barisinath_emgarshangahal
recruit_character = UTU_jagwarap_senbahathy
recruit_character = UTU_balam_tangerama
recruit_character = UTU_jayesh_t_sanswethi
#characters
#military leaders
recruit_character = UTU_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = UTU_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = UTU_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = UTU_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = UTU_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = UTU_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = UTU_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = UTU_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = UTU_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = UTU_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = UTU_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = UTU_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = UTU_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = UTU_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = UTU_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = UTU_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = UTU_economist
recruit_character = UTU_editor
recruit_character = UTU_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = UTU_financial_expert
recruit_character = UTU_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = UTU_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = UTU_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = UTU_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = UTU_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = UTU_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = UTU_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = UTU_military_theorist
recruit_character = UTU_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = UTU_naval_theorist
recruit_character = UTU_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = UTU_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = UTU_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = UTU_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = UTU_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = UTU_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = UTU_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = UTU_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = UTU_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = UTU_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = UTU_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = UTU_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = UTU_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = UTU_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = UTU_army_armored_1
recruit_character = UTU_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = UTU_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = UTU_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = UTU_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = UTU_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = UTU_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = UTU_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = UTU_navy_naval_air_defense_2