capital = 928

oob = "VGI_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 60
set_stability = 0.9
set_war_support = 0.1
add_political_power = 200

set_politics = {

	
	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes

}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 53
		fascism = 45
		communism = 2
		
	}
	
recruit_character = VGI_arnold_von_ebbingen
recruit_character = VGI_bob_the_oligarch_2
recruit_character = VGI_eduard_eikeman
recruit_character = VGI_dietrich_von_mauzinglow
recruit_character = VGI_eckhard_von_danzig
recruit_character = VGI_felix_haubersted
recruit_character = VGI_elias_paulanski
recruit_character = VGI_odilo_globocnik
recruit_character = VGI_paul_von_hegedus
recruit_character = VGI_otto_meixner_von_zweienstamm
recruit_character = VGI_eduard_freiherr
recruit_character = VGI_franz_bohme
recruit_character = VGI_wilhelm_zehner
recruit_character = VGI_alexander_lohr
recruit_character = VGI_ernst_kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = VGI_julius_raab
recruit_character = VGI_leopold_figl
recruit_character = VGI_josef_teufl
recruit_character = VGI_eugen_beyer
recruit_character = VGI_lothar_rendulic
recruit_character = VGI_otto_schobel
recruit_character = VGI_viktor_seebauer
recruit_character = VGI_arthur_seyss_inquart
recruit_character = VGI_julius_yllam
	
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Arnold von Ebbingen"
	desc = "POLITICS_ARNOLD_EBBINGEN_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_VGI_A_Ebbingen.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = { 
	#
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Bob the Oligarch 2, the Return"
	desc = "POLITICS_AXEL_DINGWALD_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_SCH_Axel_Dingwald.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = oligarchism
	traits = {
		assassination_survivor
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Eduard Eikeman"
	desc = "POLITICS_EDUARD_EIKEMAN_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_VGI_E_Eikeman.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits = {
	#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Dietrich von Mauzinglow"
	desc = "POLITICS_DIETRICH_MAUZINGLOW_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_VGI_D_Mauzinglow.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = stalinism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}



create_field_marshal = {
	name = "Eckhard von Danzig"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_1.dds"
	traits = { defensive_doctrine offensive_doctrine }
	skill = 3
}

create_field_marshal = {
	name = "Felix Haubersted"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = {  offensive_doctrine }
	skill = 3
}

create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Elias Paulanski"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_3.dds"
	traits = { 
	#
	}
	skill = 1
}