capital = 856

oob = "VSH_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

add_political_power = 200


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.1.28"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 0
		fascism = 0
		communism = 0
		neutrality = 100
	}
set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = VSH_neqrumunj_drmudril
recruit_character = VSH_zojjua_qsars
recruit_character = VSH_vrepil_oruqijjla
recruit_character = VSH_drajjiq_horvad
recruit_character = VSH_miql_litjun
recruit_character = VSH_gadriz_dzulei
recruit_character = VSH_ergun_landiq
recruit_character = VSH_harul_ijjris
recruit_character = VSH_bijjo_pundrapez
recruit_character = VSH_orutli_usamirez
recruit_character = VSH_maigul_guruz
recruit_character = VSH_laqanziz_djuntsa
recruit_character = VSH_badtsiz_maldriave
recruit_character = VSH_dzamiz_suzareq
recruit_character = VSH_pena_qimram
recruit_character = VSH_chameru_dahijjiq
recruit_character = VSH_mairat_hyrden
recruit_character = VSH_dzozef_magadi
recruit_character = VSH_fuusniq_aroqsats
recruit_character = VSH_surumuj_anuasid
recruit_character = VSH_dzaris_tseminui
recruit_character = VSH_leimun_lumul
recruit_character = VSH_marejja_dzor
recruit_character = VSH_ridjart_nahunmund
recruit_character = VSH_duqum_nietalli
recruit_character = VSH_guhalaq_jimurru
recruit_character = VSH_lobur_dashim
recruit_character = VSH_tonalu_zimsem
recruit_character = VSH_murjiq_orqijun
recruit_character = VSH_dzor_gindi
recruit_character = VSH_gordnau_hajjise
recruit_character = VSH_hobrair_qotarj
recruit_character = VSH_ezizi_gyulqun
recruit_character = VSH_midja_mahriq
recruit_character = VSH_dzin_tamisin
recruit_character = VSH_gulaq_trasmidj
recruit_character = VSH_enli_usasor
recruit_character = VSH_sayado_puulran
recruit_character = VSH_gurdurum_nalimtsi
recruit_character = VSH_tanjiq_muhadow
recruit_character = VSH_ahyumui_nendamru
recruit_character = VSH_qunlunuq_irimudzu
recruit_character = VSH_hualpor_dusur
recruit_character = VSH_arpren_tsisram
recruit_character = VSH_djrov_tsuus
recruit_character = VSH_bargiz_defumun
recruit_character = VSH_dulutli_amerziad
recruit_character = VSH_dzam_jumrir
recruit_character = VSH_hisqitla_manilli
#military leaders
recruit_character = VSH_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = VSH_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = VSH_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = VSH_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = VSH_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = VSH_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = VSH_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = VSH_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = VSH_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = VSH_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = VSH_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = VSH_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = VSH_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = VSH_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = VSH_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = VSH_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = VSH_economist
recruit_character = VSH_editor
recruit_character = VSH_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = VSH_financial_expert
recruit_character = VSH_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = VSH_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = VSH_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = VSH_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = VSH_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = VSH_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = VSH_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = VSH_military_theorist
recruit_character = VSH_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = VSH_naval_theorist
recruit_character = VSH_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = VSH_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = VSH_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = VSH_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = VSH_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = VSH_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = VSH_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = VSH_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = VSH_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = VSH_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = VSH_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = VSH_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = VSH_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = VSH_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = VSH_army_armored_1
recruit_character = VSH_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = VSH_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = VSH_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = VSH_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = VSH_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = VSH_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = VSH_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = VSH_navy_naval_air_defense_2

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Neqrumunj Drmudril"
	desc = "POLITICS_NEQRUMUNJ_DRMUDRIL_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_VSH_Neqrumunj_Drmudril.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Zojjua Qsars"
	desc = "POLITICS_ZOJJUA_QSARS_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_VSH_Zojjua_Qsars.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Vrepil Oruqijjla"
	desc = "POLITICS_VREPIL_ORUQIJJLA_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_VSH_Vrepil_Oruqijjla.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Drajjiq Horvad"
	desc = "POLITICS_DRAJJIQ_HORVAD_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_VSH_Drajjiq_Horvad.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Miql Litjun"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
}