capital = 974

oob = "WRB_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	transport = 1
}


add_political_power = 250



set_politics = {

	
	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 92
		fascism = 6
		communism = 2

	}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = new_brittania_research
}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = WRB_henri_savatier
recruit_character = WRB_kylian_bouchard
recruit_character = WRB_gerard_louis_chaplin
recruit_character = WRB_fiacre_eric_julien
recruit_character = WRB_jeancharles_firmin_guillaume
#characters
#political leaders
recruit_character = WRB_conservatism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_liberalism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_socialism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_marxism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_leninism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_stalinism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_anti_revisionism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_anarchist_communism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_nazism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_gen_nazism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_generic_fascism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_falangism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_rexism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_despotism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_oligarchism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_anarchism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_moderatism_leader
recruit_character = WRB_centrism_leader
#military leaders
recruit_character = WRB_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = WRB_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = WRB_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = WRB_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = WRB_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = WRB_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = WRB_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = WRB_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = WRB_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = WRB_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = WRB_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = WRB_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = WRB_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = WRB_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = WRB_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = WRB_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = WRB_economist
recruit_character = WRB_editor
recruit_character = WRB_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = WRB_financial_expert
recruit_character = WRB_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = WRB_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = WRB_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = WRB_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = WRB_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = WRB_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = WRB_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = WRB_military_theorist
recruit_character = WRB_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = WRB_naval_theorist
recruit_character = WRB_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = WRB_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = WRB_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = WRB_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = WRB_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = WRB_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = WRB_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = WRB_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = WRB_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = WRB_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = WRB_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = WRB_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = WRB_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = WRB_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = WRB_army_armored_1
recruit_character = WRB_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = WRB_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = WRB_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = WRB_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = WRB_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = WRB_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = WRB_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = WRB_navy_naval_air_defense_2


create_country_leader = {
	name = "Henri Savatier"
	desc = "POLITICS_HENRI_SAVATIER_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_WRB_H_Savatier.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kylian Bouchard"
	desc = "POLITICS_KYLIAN_BOUCHARD_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_WRB_K_Bouchard.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = stalinism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Gérard Louis Chaplin"
	desc = "POLITICS_GL_CHAPLIN_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_WRB_GL_Chaplin.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Fiacre Éric Julien"
	desc = "POLITICS_FE_JULIEN_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_WRB_FE_Julien.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Jean-Charles Firmin Guillaume"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 2
}