capital = 852

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "WTS_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "WTS_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

oob = "WTS_1936"

set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = .10

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_fire_control_system = 1
	}
}

add_political_power = 270

add_ideas = {
	WTS_british_rejection
	WTS_struggling_economy
}

set_politics = {

	
	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 51
		fascism = 25
		communism = 24
	}
	
set_convoys = 180

recruit_character = WTS_damian_q_patterson
recruit_character = WTS_martin_wycliffe
recruit_character = WTS_edmund_biscay
recruit_character = WTS_gregory_lander
recruit_character = WTS_richard_tyron
recruit_character = WTS_richard_leiper
recruit_character = WTS_albert_havelock
recruit_character = WTS_leopold_cockburn
recruit_character = WTS_charles_burnett
recruit_character = WTS_john_collins
recruit_character = WTS_ben_chifley
recruit_character = WTS_frank_forde
recruit_character = WTS_vernon_sturdee
recruit_character = WTS_ragnar_colvin
recruit_character = WTS_norman_makin
recruit_character = WTS_cederic_hicks
recruit_character = WTS_herbert_v_evatt
recruit_character = WTS_generic_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = WTS_james_fairbairn
recruit_character = WTS_arthur_calwell
recruit_character = WTS_edmund_herring
recruit_character = WTS_arthur_drakeford
recruit_character = WTS_john_lavarack
recruit_character = WTS_clive_caldwell
recruit_character = WTS_robert_g_menzies
recruit_character = WTS_arthur_allen
recruit_character = WTS_alexander_hore_ruthven
recruit_character = WTS_sydney_rowell
recruit_character = WTS_richard_williams
recruit_character = WTS_jack_beasley
recruit_character = WTS_jack_crace
recruit_character = WTS_lance_sharkey
#military leaders
recruit_character = WTS_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = WTS_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = WTS_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = WTS_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = WTS_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = WTS_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = WTS_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = WTS_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = WTS_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = WTS_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = WTS_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = WTS_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = WTS_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = WTS_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = WTS_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = WTS_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = WTS_economist
recruit_character = WTS_editor
recruit_character = WTS_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = WTS_financial_expert
recruit_character = WTS_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = WTS_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = WTS_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = WTS_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = WTS_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = WTS_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = WTS_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = WTS_military_theorist
recruit_character = WTS_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = WTS_naval_theorist
recruit_character = WTS_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = WTS_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = WTS_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = WTS_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = WTS_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = WTS_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = WTS_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = WTS_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = WTS_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = WTS_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = WTS_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = WTS_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = WTS_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = WTS_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = WTS_army_armored_1
recruit_character = WTS_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = WTS_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = WTS_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = WTS_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = WTS_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = WTS_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = WTS_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = WTS_navy_naval_air_defense_2

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Damian Q. Patterson"
	desc = "POLITICS_DQ_PATTERSON_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_WTS_DQ_Patterson.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Martin Wycliffe"
	desc = "POLITICS_M_WYCLIFFE_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_WTS_M_Wycliffe.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = stalinism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Edmund Biscay"
	desc = "POLITICS_E_BISCAY_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_WTS_E_Biscay.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Gregory Lander"
	portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_land_2.dds"
	traits = { #
	}
	skill = 3
}