capital = 1064

oob = "ZER_1936"

set_research_slots = 3
starting_train_buffer = 5
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1
	
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		armor_tech_1 = 1
	}
}
add_political_power = 200

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	PRJ_spy_defense
}

set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 15
		fascism = 15
		communism = 10
			#banned = no #default is no
		neutrality = 60
		}

set_convoys = 100

recruit_character = PRJ_King_Roderiq
recruit_character = PRJ_Amfri_Yuriye
recruit_character = PRJ_Warqneh_Hassbah
recruit_character = PRJ_Lexande_Melaqe
recruit_character = PRJ_Qaleb_Shada

recruit_character = PRJ_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = PRJ_war_industrialist
recruit_character = PRJ_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = PRJ_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = PRJ_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = PRJ_democratic_politician
recruit_character = PRJ_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = PRJ_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = PRJ_grand_fleet_proponent
recruit_character = PRJ_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = PRJ_rocket_scientist
recruit_character = PRJ_naval_theorist
recruit_character = PRJ_military_theorist
recruit_character = PRJ_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = PRJ_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = PRJ_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = PRJ_army_chief_planning_2
recruit_character = PRJ_navy_naval_air_defense_2
recruit_character = PRJ_navy_fleet_logistics_3
recruit_character = PRJ_navy_chief_decisive_battle_3
recruit_character = PRJ_navy_chief_maneuver_3
recruit_character = PRJ_air_strategic_bombing_2
recruit_character = PRJ_air_chief_old_guard
recruit_character = PRJ_air_strategic_bombing_1
recruit_character = PRJ_navy_screen_2	
recruit_character = PRJ_army_regrouping_1
recruit_character = PRJ_navy_capital_ship_3
recruit_character = PRJ_air_naval_strike_1
recruit_character = PRJ_navy_carrier_2
#military leaders
recruit_character = ZER_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = ZER_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = ZER_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = ZER_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = ZER_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = ZER_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = ZER_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = ZER_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = ZER_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = ZER_anti_communist_crusader
recruit_character = ZER_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = ZER_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = ZER_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = ZER_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = ZER_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = ZER_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = ZER_economist
recruit_character = ZER_editor
recruit_character = ZER_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = ZER_financial_expert
recruit_character = ZER_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = ZER_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = ZER_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = ZER_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = ZER_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = ZER_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = ZER_war_industrialist
#theorists
recruit_character = ZER_military_theorist
recruit_character = ZER_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = ZER_naval_theorist
recruit_character = ZER_naval_aviation_pioneer
recruit_character = ZER_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = ZER_nuclear_scientist
recruit_character = ZER_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = ZER_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = ZER_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = ZER_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = ZER_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = ZER_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = ZER_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = ZER_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = ZER_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = ZER_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = ZER_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = ZER_army_armored_1
recruit_character = ZER_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = ZER_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = ZER_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = ZER_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = ZER_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = ZER_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = ZER_navy_anti_submarine_1
recruit_character = ZER_navy_naval_air_defense_2

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Neta-Axiqan"
	type = light_tank_chassis_0
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
		turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
		suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
		armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
		engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
	}
	upgrades = {
		tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
		tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
	}
}